In the last lecture you learned what a genius X is.
But right now we have a very static content here.
Now what if we want to change named anemically.
Let's say we have a constant name which has a string Max and we want to output this constant in this
element.
Nothing easier than that we can do this.
But unlike view chess you don't use double curly braces but single Akali braces that's shust how it
is and react and that is all of course connected to the fact that we already are in javascript code
here.
Here we can simply reference name like this.
We could also call a method which returns a string here just like you do it in beauteous.
And now for your control enter.
We still see Max.
But now that is a bit more dynamic.
It's not hard coded into the element.
Instead we're referring to a variable in this case which holds the stator.
However we will quickly hit a wall if we try to change this dynamically.
Well let's have a look at this in the next lecture.
And let's then see how real Actually as actually works with the Dom and works with the content with
X you output there.